Add zelda's quest question (#4)
CarletonComputerScienceSociety/ai-discord-bot: questions/zeldas-quest.md

> # Zelda's Quest

Author: Hello!

Reviewer: Hello!

Reviewer 2: hello!

Reviewer 3: Hello

Reviewer 4: a

Reviewer 5: hello

Reviewer 6: Hello

Reviewer 7: Hello

Reviewer 8: hello

Reviewer 9: Heyy

Reviewer 10: hello

Reviewer 11: hello?

Reviewer 12: Hello

## Question

Welcome to **Zelda's Quest**! Here is the problem statement:

You are on a quest to save the kingdom of Hyrule from the evil Ganon. You have
been tasked with collecting the three pieces of the Triforce, which will give
you the power to defeat Ganon and restore peace to the land. You have already
collected two pieces of the Triforce, but you need to find the third piece.

You have received a clue that says: "The third piece of the Triforce is hidden
in a secret location. To find it, you must solve a puzzle. The puzzle involves a

> list of numbers that are related to the Triforce."

Reviewer 3: Could be reworded to something like "To find the third piece, you must defeat the final boss. To defeat the final boss, you must complete a puzzle.

Author: I agree!

> list of numbers that are related to the Triforce."

Reviewer 5: The last sentence in the clue is hard to read. Why are the numbers related to the triforce? Why does that matter? Could we also merge this sentence into the previous one

> You have received a clue that says: "The third piece of the Triforce is hidden
> in a secret location. To find it, you must solve a puzzle. The puzzle involves a
> list of numbers that are related to the Triforce."

Author: ```suggestion
You have received a clue that says: "The third piece of the Triforce is hidden
in a secret location. To find the third piece, you must defeat the final boss. To
defeat the final boss, you must complete a puzzle. The puzzle involves a
list of numbers that are related to the Triforce."
```

You have been given a list of integers. Your task is to write a function that

> returns the sum of all the even numbers in the list.

Reviewer 3: Instead of sum, maybe make the user print the average/median of the list?

Here is an example input:

```python

> numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]

Reviewer 2: maybe provide another example to show possiblities of unsorted list or what to do if only odd numbers are inputted.

> ```python
> numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
> ```

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
```python
numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
```
```
```suggestion
```python
numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
```
Add more numbers
```

The even numbers in this list are `2`, `4`, `6`, and `8`. Therefore, your
function should return:

```python
20
```

Here are some criteria for marking someone's code:

- Correctness: Does the code produce correct results for all test cases?
- Readability: Is the code easy to read and understand?

> - Efficiency: Does the code run efficiently?

Reviewer 12: We could include an example of a slow solution to help provide hints into what an efficient solution might look like.

- Style: Does the code follow good coding style and conventions?

Here is a sample solution in Python:

> 

Reviewer 9: Code is good, I like the intro!!!

> ```python

Reviewer 4: sample could be more efficient

def sum_even_numbers(numbers):

>     return sum([number for number in numbers if number % 2 == 0])

Reviewer 11: the fact that number(s) is used 6 times is kinda wild

>     return sum([number for number in numbers if number % 2 == 0])

Reviewer 2: the solution isnt intuitive for beginners
